//Diary of Yun Lu

Week 1
1. Found group members
2. Identified topic2 as our Project theme
3. Understand the requirements of topic2
4. Joined the GitHub repository

Week 2
1. Clarified the specific functions of Project
2. Participated in a panel discussion on editing proposal
3. Learned the relationship between learning outcome and assessment, and the relationship of course description
4. Understood the technology of NLP
5. Participated in the analysis of data structures and the processing of existing databases

Week 3
1. Grabbed data from given dataset
2. Learned how NLP processing with words.
3. Participated in a group meeting about the next agenda of our proj

Week 4
1. filtered data for further need
2. formed data in Document type and upload to mongoDB as an online database
3. Had a group meeting

Week 5
1. formed a clean data of neccesary information
2. established own database for interaction with the server on mlab
3. looked into search function

Week 6
1. connected autocomplete function needed in search bar with database
2. the team agreed on the basic structure of functions on the proj
3. looked into AWS Comprehend recommended by the tutor and studied other existing text analysis API, such as Azure, google cloud and Aylien

Week 7
1. formed a measurable verb wheel in backend
2. displayed key phrases grabbed from AWS Comprehend and measurable verbs and let users make own sentences
3. connected two pages by passing the user's selections from page 1 to page 2 of generator
4. saved necessary variables from users input, such as course info, verbs and key phrases in backend for further use 

Week 8
1. displayed the generated sentences on last page
2. designed a download format of learning outcome files
3. the team agreed on the qualify standard for each learning outcome of our evaluator
4. divied the standard into three steps, accomplished the measurable verb check and sentence's length check

Week 9
1. finished categories covered check function of evaluator
2. wrote comments on every major function in python files
3. fixed some bugs and added 404 page
